Renaming M to Sm (#839)
riscv-non-isa/riscv-arch-test: ctp/src/priv.adoc

== Privileged Test Plan

> Privileged https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/11hTR2Yl48kOMODxhwrSsC-eXYtM_rJJE?usp=share_link:[test plan spreadsheets] are available.  They need to be edited into a more standardized format. Each test plan spreadsheet contains multiple columns for the applicable configurations.  For example, ZicsrM applies to any configuration with machine mode, ZicsrS applies to any configuration with supervisor mode, and SmF applies to any configuration with floating-point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Privileged https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/11hTR2Yl48kOMODxhwrSsC-eXYtM_rJJE?usp=share_link:[test plan spreadsheets] are available.  They need to be edited into a more standardized format. Each test plan spreadsheet contains multiple columns for the applicable configurations.  For example, Sm applies to any configuration with machine mode, S applies to any configuration with supervisor mode, and SmF applies to any configuration with floating-point.
```
